[Music]
epsilon T State Hospital summer of 1959
like left teaching to begin an ambitious
study of delusional patients I would
really like to help you Joseph
he's addressed me as my proper name
Jesus Christ the righteous one am I
I have three patients believe they're
Jesus Christ there can be but only one
side of that that's my point
trust me by my righteous name God to you
put the three of them in a room study
their behavior what you think will
happen close the reason I'm having these
meetings that can only be one Jesus only
one God one God to rear Isaac's I'm
shaking off all of your negativity and
all of your squelches all of your
squelching we do not have false follow
that God's in Great Britain they're our
Father send a boy to do a man's job
knock it off knock Alan please be
careful is it possible to really
understand someone else's delusion their
limits
you can't exceed
it's brave and important what you're
doing you decide if the gains outweigh
the obvious risks
gentlemen I want one of you to lead each
of the meetings I think we should have a
vote I nominate Joseph Daul family
[Music]
unanimous why do you want to work with
paranoid schizophrenics
because this'll only by the grace of
Jesus Christ you're safe
companionship joy hope will I be able to
offer these men a means to find
themselves
you